By receiving and/or using Devious Codeworks software, you accept the following User Agreement.  This agreement is a binding legal agreement between Devious Codeworks and the purchasers and users of Devious Codeworks software and products.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
1. User Agreement
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

1.1. Usage and distribution restrictions

The user/buyer/owner may not use or distribute Devious Codeworks software for any unlawful purpose.  Distribution of Devious Codeworks software together with any illegal material is prohibited.

The user/buyer/owner is not allowed to attempt to reverse engineer, disassemble or decompile Devious Codeworks software and products. 

1.2. Copyright restriction

The Devious Codeworks name and any logo or graphics file that represents our software may not be used in any way to promote products developed with our software.  All parts of Devious Codeworks software and products are copyright protected.  No program, code, part, image, video clip, audio sample, text or computer generated sequence of images may be copied or used in any way by the user except as intended within the bounds of the single user program.

1.3. Limitation of responsibility

The user/buyer/owner of Devious Codeworks software will indemnify, hold harmless, and defend Devious Codeworks against lawsuits, claims, costs associated with defense or accusations that result from the use of Devious Codeworks software. 

Devious Codeworks is not responsible for any damages whatsoever, including loss of information, interruption of business, personal injury and/or any damage or consequential damage without limitation, incurred before, during or after the use of our products.  Our entire liability, without exception, is limited to the customers' reimbursement of the purchase price of the software (maximum being the suggested retail price as listed by Devious Codeworks) in exchange for the return of the product, all copies, registration papers and manuals, and all materials that constitute a transfer of ownership from the customer back to Devious Codeworks.

1.4. Licensed software restrictions

Each copy of the Devious Codeworks software may be used in only one single location.  Use of the software means that you have loaded the program and run it or have installed the program onto a computer.

You may make one copy of the software for backup purposes, providing you only have one copy installed on one computer being used by one person.

The sale of and/or distribution of copies of this software is strictly forbidden.  It is a violation of this agreement to loan, rent, lease, borrow, or transfer the use of copies of Devious Codeworks software products.
